docs/deployments/dlts/sawtooth.md, before:

# Deploying Sawtooth

Selecting `Hyperledger Sawtooth` in the deployments dropdown menu takes you to
the deployment form. Here all you need to do is give your deployment a name
and specify its namespace:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Form](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-form.png)

For a vanilla deployment accept the defaults and scroll to the bottom of the form:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Deploy](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-deploy.png)

Click `Deploy` and the deployment will be added to the cluster:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Added](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-added.png)

__NOTE__ deployment is not instantaneous as under the covers Sextant uses the
appropriate helm chart to create your deployment which can involve pulling the
appropriate images if these aren't already cached by the Kubernetes cluster.

## Deployment Options

Beyond configuring Sawtooth itself these are the deployment options supported by
Sextant.

### Custom Containers

This option allows you to specify, for example, a custom transaction processor.

### Image Pull Secrets

This option allows you to specify any image pull secrets that may be required in
order to access images related to your deployment that are hosted in a private
repository.

### Advanced Options

#### Genesis Seed

This option allows you to change the genesis seed on redeployment.

#### Advanced Deployment Customization

This option provides advanced users with the ability to specify
_Additional YAML_ which will override default template options. We recommend
that you discuss any proposed customization with us first.

Commit message:

docs: add besu deployment
Signed-off-by: Duncan Johnston-Watt <duncan@blockchaintp.com>

docs/deployments/dlts/sawtooth.md, after:

# Deploying Sawtooth

Selecting `Hyperledger Sawtooth` in the deployments dropdown menu takes you to
the deployment form. Here all you need to do is give your deployment a name
and specify its namespace:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Form](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-form.png)

For a vanilla deployment accept the defaults and scroll to the bottom of the form:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Deploy](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-deploy.png)

Click `Deploy` and the deployment will be added to the cluster:

![Sextant Deployments Sawtooth Added](../../images/sextant-deployments-sawtooth-added.png)

Once you deployment has been added you can view interact with it as described
[here](../management.md#generic-interactions).

__NOTE__ deployment is not instantaneous as under the covers Sextant uses the
appropriate helm chart to create your deployment which can involve pulling the
appropriate images if these aren't already cached by the Kubernetes cluster.

## Deployment Options

Beyond configuring Sawtooth itself these are the deployment options supported by
Sextant.

### Custom Containers

This option allows you to specify, for example, a custom transaction processor.

### Image Pull Secrets

This option allows you to specify any image pull secrets that may be required in
order to access images related to your deployment that are hosted in a private
repository.

### Advanced Options

#### Genesis Seed

This option allows you to change the genesis seed on redeployment.

#### Advanced Deployment Customization

This option provides advanced users with the ability to specify
_Additional YAML_ which will override default template options. We recommend
that you discuss any proposed customization with us first.
