docs/overview.md, before:

# Sextant

## Introduction

Sextant delivers the fundamental building blocks for
multiparty innovation. It allows organizations to navigate distributed ledger,
smart contract, and information security infrastructure deployment and
management with ease.

Sextant focuses on three key areas:

### Distributed Ledgers

Sextant automates the deployment and management of enterprise blockchain
infrastructure, and currently supports the open-source Hyperledger Besu and
Hyperledger Sawtooth distributed ledgers.

### Smart Contracts

Sextant accelerates the adoption of Daml, an open-source smart contract language
and application framework, by simplifying the deployment and management of the
Daml runtime environment on distributed ledgers as well as centralized
alternatives.

### Information Security

Sextant simplifies the deployment and management of the Taekion File System™ as
well as its underlying distributed ledger, Hyperledger Sawtooth, delivering
military-grade protection for your business-critical information.

## Key Concepts

Once you have logged into Sextant you can use the dropdown menu to select one of
four options:

![Sextant Navigation Dropdown
Options](./images/sextant-navigation-dropdown-options.png){ .shadow}

To find out more about each of these options please chose one of the following:

- [Manage Clusters](clusters/overview.md)
- [Manage Deployments](deployments/overview.md)
- [Manage Users](users/overview.md)
- [Administration](admin/overview.md)

Commit message:

docs: add marketplace and provenance stub
Signed-off-by: Duncan Johnston-Watt <duncan@blockchaintp.com>

docs/overview.md, after:

# Sextant

## Introduction

Sextant delivers the fundamental building blocks for
multiparty innovation. It allows organizations to navigate distributed ledger,
smart contract, and information security infrastructure deployment and
management with ease.

Sextant focuses on three key areas:

### Distributed Ledgers

Sextant automates the deployment and management of enterprise blockchain
infrastructure, and currently supports the open-source Hyperledger Besu and
Hyperledger Sawtooth distributed ledgers.

### Smart Contracts

Sextant accelerates the adoption of Daml, an open-source smart contract language
and application framework, by simplifying the deployment and management of the
Daml runtime environment on distributed ledgers as well as centralized
alternatives.

### Information Security

Sextant simplifies the deployment and management of the Taekion File System™ as
well as its underlying distributed ledger, Hyperledger Sawtooth, delivering
military-grade protection for your business-critical information.

### Provenance

Sextant supports Chronicle, our blockchain-backed, domain-agnostic solution for
immutably recording provenance data, and facilitates its integration with
enterprise systems. Chronicle is available with Hyperledger Sawtooth as its
default backing ledger, with support for other industry-leading distributed
ledgers in the pipeline.

## Key Concepts

Once you have logged into Sextant you can use the dropdown menu to select one of
four options:

![Sextant Navigation Dropdown
Options](./images/sextant-navigation-dropdown-options.png){ .shadow}

To find out more about each of these options please chose one of the following:

- [Manage Clusters](clusters/overview.md)
- [Manage Deployments](deployments/overview.md)
- [Manage Users](users/overview.md)
- [Administration](admin/overview.md)
